um yeah and this is mike from movie
clips news and i was calling to find out
if the rumors true that jig is actually
directing the new Star Wars movie one
second hi this is Mike from movie clips
news and I was calling to find out if
the rumor was true that JJ Abrams was
directing the new Star Wars movie sorry
I don't know anything about it thank you
for common ok thank you guys breaking
news Star Wars Episode 7 has a director
guess what it's the one we all hoped it
would be and it's also the one that has
directed to of probably the best space
films ever Star Trek well we don't know
about into darkness but we're assuming
based on what we see I'm speculating mr.
JJ Abrams is going to be directing Star
Wars Episode 7 huge news now when the
news broke that Star Wars Episode 7 was
being made the first name people started
saying was JJ Abrams DK rooms and Brad
Brad Bird the first one was JJ Abrams
and people were like well but he made
start ya na no way that was like an
immediate brush-off it's like Oh JJ yeah
but but but he's doing but obviously not
brad bird is gonna direct I really
thought he was gonna be the pic but he's
doing that night it's been a whirlwind
of a few months because we went through
JJ Abrams ruler rumors Brad Bird rumors
Andrew Stanton rumors into David Fincher
who looked like it may actually happen
and now JJ has usurped them all funny
enough though all of those filmmakers
still potential possibilities with truly
we got streams of money yeah and after
all of those you know whatever Zack
Snyder is going to do his seven samurai
oh but initial reactions and ER
when you drop the bomb on me I thought
somebody died let's recreate that let's
review all right we're getting off this
is a side history channel reenactment
holy who died JJ Abrams is
directing the episode 7 so let's just
let's just get out some some initial
reactions and pas
ssible what this means for the movie
first and foremost music in Star Wars is
like another character so JJ has worked
with Michael Giacchino I think almost
exclusively yes up until this point so
does that mean that we can assume
giacchino will be scoring and as you
whirring it out I think it does as you
point out he also did star tours yeah he
did do star tours when they revamped it
and it also has a really good
relationship with Disney he's in a lot
of pics our stuff and I wonder I wonder
if it's gonna be something off a lot Oh
rad Mercer along the lines of what they
did with harry potter where john
williams yeah of a theme yes and then it
was taken over later on yeah i think
that chicago will probably be coming
through this if for nothing else and
they want to establish there's new blood
yeah no I give you right kiss I think
technically John Williams could do this
but he's 81 and they're already you know
they're revamping the franchise they
might as well get a ghostly accrued an
entire way and you know John I think is
amazing we all know that we can also one
thing you brought up practical effects
JJ rums huge fan of the do-it-yourself
practical effect and he's also
everything in camera yeah he's also
better with special effects Aegis he's
also hopefully I mean JJ Abrams is of
the Star Wars generation he always with
every movie he's made almost everything
that he's done he brings that sense of
like Wonder to everything so he may
bring that back to star wars which is
something that people feel has been
missing from Starling I mean Star Trek
was the best Star Wars film seems to
return the J I mean it was just but
everybody said that that was the thing
that everybody said like oh Star Trek is
such a great Sarrazin and even JJ Abrams
when he talks about Star Trek and his
relationship with Star Trek he was like
I was refreshed by paramount to do it
I'm a huge Star Wars fan and then really
know much about Star Trek he kind of
like brought his love of shower wars in
that space opera stuff and if used that
sensibility into Star Trek but now this
breeze have so many questions yeah I
mean like I don't we can I think we can
also run away and the looks yeah I mean
the total look we don't know if he's
gonna go lens flare you know I think
they killed Abrams is a smart enough
storyteller to start
smart enough filmmaker that he'll know
that he needs to make this way different
from Star Trek for it to pass I don't
think he's just gonna make Star Trek the
Star Wars you I don't know though
because like his sensibilities so I like
it seriously the sensibility of the
first time in sweep setting the scene up
into darkness the sensibility of the
first Star Trek movie is almost perfect
for Star Wars to me yeah like if it was
nobody and I think you're right i think
you're right like a part of me is like
if he basically just did replace tasers
with her phasers with lightsabers it
would be a great star wars yeah but is
that while Beatrice it's very hard it's
very hard to do i do know that his Star
Trek and Star Wars as a university of
we're talking about the original trilogy
um have different enough worlds that
it'll seem different star trek does
borrow a lot of the tone from the
original Star Wars movies but it never
struck me as a Star Wars movie because
Star Wars is a big epic fantasy movie
enemy Star Trek as big as the movies are
and as wonderful as those movies are
assumedly the second movie will be um I
think that it takes place in a very
human world though the though there are
aliens its kind of established like oh
we explored this we did this Star Wars
takes place in a in a universe that has
been established for seemingly thousands
of years that's sure not our future and
practice not but I did really good at
bringing all those little bits and
pieces of the worlds together like a
view Beckett the in Star Trek they're
just shots of Tessa or crew members that
are like you know yeah it raises yeah
brings all these sorts of bitty just
pulls yes yes I'm excited to see him
take that into the story I think it's a
lot I think it's done in a lot more of a
sensible way than like traveling to a
whole nother planet just so you can see
this different way that's sure that
sensibility like the overarching like
scope of the mythology to me Star Trek
has always been very scientific very
like yes calculated in the progressive
it signs your chance to fantasy what
exactly that's exactly thing but at the
same time JJ Abrams Star Trek felt a
little more fantasy in a way because
it's dealing with faith and it's dealing
that like we were meant to be together
that's that's plain in the Star Wars
kind of myth all
yes into legends the star wars I'm
interested to see what they do with Star
Wars because Star Wars as a story was
always very archetypal yeah um and I'm
curious to see if they could still get
away with that in this day and age
obviously the Star Wars films hold up
the original trilogy holds up and they
have kind of created their own
archetypes but I'm curious to see if JJ
brings that into it or if he brings this
really like you know human yeah
individualized kind of experience to it
which is what he did he does really well
yeah which is exciting the big thing
with me is that you know like if he
basically did Star Trek with Star Wars
iconic characters and planets and I
still think I'd be good it was still be
a meeting would be very different is
something the problem I think I know
you're gonna say is that they're six
films that have such a distinct style
and pace well there are three films the
heaviest distinct sound amazing items
that have a different usage it's very
they're all day they do share a very
similar kind of narrative style I've
never felt like that the prequel trilogy
was of a different world ya know so I'm
agree yeah it's it's like I got you have
these talking sections and you've the
action section yeah talking sep 10 in
the cross-cutting wicked prosper and and
white yeah lots of wipes I mean I guess
that's the most obvious way that I bring
that at the whites I think that by the
the end of the prequel trilogy that
style started to feel exceptionally
dated I think that he has to break that
mold with without question I think he
will do that because I mean they're
revamping the series they have a new
director yeah and I have new new new
talent and this they're gonna have to
give it a fresh coat of paint I think I
think you're right is by mixing up the
camera work no static shots and you know
zooms and wipes and that stuff make it
make it a feel fresh and also you know
respectful of its origins yeah but the
big thing for me that is really
interesting is the implicit what him
directing JJ Abrams directing implies in
terms of cast because he also not just
with giacchino doing music he brings
along usually a lot of characters and
or is that do cameos where's Greg
Grunberg gonna be and i don't mean why
i'm simon pegg it's such a we all know
he's a huge star star wars chunky yeah
but I mean like look at look at the
movies that he's done you you run into
and his television career obviously as
huge as well he brings a lot of the
television actors yeah yeah from his
shows into if you watch I mean if you
watch felicity you will see so many
faces that you like from JJ Abrams films
that you did not you thought were just
kind of bit parts right and I'm sure
that he will be bringing those people
with it what I'm when I'm worried about
is you know like we could very easily
imagine what his star wars film would be
like but it might not necessarily be
right guys because if we have this
perfect template for Star Trek what I'm
afraid is that when the movie comes out
I'm afraid that critics might this is
just like I a stupid fear but I'm afraid
that it might be like yeah it's Star
Trek just with Star Wars names it's it's
the attention of a sense of Star Trek
it's Star Wars it yeah our truck games
exactly and now he's but it's a weird
like yeah I know cuz we something we
talked about so i have to wait what
happen for years decades Star Trek fans
Star Wars fans were very you know up in
arms again this is gonna be the universe
like this is like balance of the force
its create a bike will be the one have
the guy responsible for both these
movies doing both it's like it's like
deep impact in Armageddon being directed
by the same person okay except like
except hood movies yeah yeah I mean it's
like you have these two okay just really
this is this is like if they announced
that he was directing Part C 4 5 and 6
of The Hobbit it would be the ultimate
unification of creation but we a debt
that principally point because this
really is the least safe Star Wars
director in the history of the franchise
like I mean it's the safest I mean not
the lisa if it's the safest Star Wars
we'll see but though possibility of
those criticisms makes it almost brave
you know what I mean in a better way I
guess yeah I'm satellite I think it's
great but like they're not really taking
a risk with
I think they're not I think they're not
willing I think they're not not taking
rest of you know knowing that you risk
the reputation of the franchise on some
unknown to know where they should take
risks I think Kathleen Kennedy are you
listening I don't think they should take
risks with the cannon I think they
should take risks with a side project
I'm gonna do to Zack Snyder a filmmaker
no huge fan up but when I heard he was
gonna do a seven samurai of Jedi which
we found out later was just a rumor that
wasn't quite true that sounds really
exciting to me of people doing things
like that with the star wars universe
and like giving the safety not
guaranteed guy star wars movie they
smell like I just I think that's really
exciting that look a cannon movies with
the episodes I would share like the
Avengers equivalent yeah horrible world
yes that everybody else do like a ghost
writers yeah the Vengeance of the store
let's reveal exactly what sort of like
the Marvel dark forest one yeah exactly
yeah we're even like Thor to Captain
America 2 iron man ready bring in bring
Josh we didn't is like a proving ground
for someone to later do like an episode
12 or 13 you know way down the line oh
you know they made the move that we were
all hoping they would make it's crazy
literally I mean you guys were in the
office we were in the office we made the
video about them announcing that Star
Wars was going to be episode 7 8 9 and
the acquisition and the first thing I
said to jimmy was I hope they get JJ
again so now i think the Moose's two
months late but it's exciting I'm just
gonna throw out something for all your
conspiracy theorists out there I think
he knew this back 09 when he put r2d2 in
the original Star Trek film it's like
Chris Dylan putting a Batman sticker in
following look it up whoa because he
that if you look at home no I wonder if
I'm one of the fleet's or in the
discipline here's here's the thing at
the the best thing that came out of the
the prequel trilogy is the opening of
revenge of the sith Oh is the most
erotic sewer kid it's the most epic
space subtly good cinema ever it's the
only time in the theater that I've
audibly said oh my god yes it is like
out of control how amazing that that
opening shot is and the space battles in
Star Trek
nothing to nothing the cough at yeah
they're amazing I think I think they're
incredible I think this way in touch the
difference is is the motion I'm too
that's good geeky the enterprise can't
move as quickly as an x-wing can so see
that but there are some big dalton you
know there's some big like cruiser type
ships i wonder if he's going to put
little easter eggs from Star Trek and
Star Wars it's really unifies this is
gonna be the unifying moment comic-con
is no longer gonna be the battle ground
at once was I know geeks are gonna play
Cora see did you see Klingons and
stormtroopers walking arm in a bit but
this could start an even bigger war
anyway anyway talk about the I think I
think I think the real victim in this
entire st. paramount yeah paramount must
be like really furious oh he's not
giving back for 30 conscious he might
produce it or something but can you just
they're going to spend millions of
dollars in marketing and into darkness
and doing junkets and everything and
everybody's just gonna be asking about
Star Wars like this kind of ruined
incident think it's gonna I don't think
you're gonna hurt 30 soften it a lot of
its way this is ruining into darkness at
all a movie still is going to be amazing
i would say lil one i would not work no
one in the world who's going who's
excited to see in the darkness is now
saying well just wait for episodes i
know i'm just like the way the
excitement for into darkness is the wind
has been taken if he does it's good
movie they would overlap with you with
these games nor a bunch he's gonna do a
bunch of press right now I'm sure
talking about this when into darkness
comes out they'll be talking the
questions of me so where are we on the
script phase well I can hope he's saying
you know Kurtzman or Cyrano actually a
great a great really great I am like to
sensibilities that'll be really well
thank you all their weight behind these
movies I mean it's pretty incredible on
paper I'm just doing the most awesome
all I'm saying okay I I'm am I've been
to junkets and I've seen stuff we're
like I'm not there the junket where you
sit down Heath Ledger say Bob Dylan tell
me about the Joker and it's it's you
know just them trying to pry information
45 minute can you say I've seen things
but in your rutger hauer but face no I
I'm not gonna do it on camera but
but I I'm just I oh no I don't know what
I feel I don't know I feel I'll handle
it I really feel great because I
honestly think that when I heard they're
doing more Star Wars movies I was
definitely a little trepidatious in
terms of my excitement because it's like
I was excited beyond belief just because
holy there's new Star Wars movies I
love these movies yeah I want more
material I want to see more of these
stories on the screen but the same time
I'm going like well what if they are bad
that's like my fear and now I'm like I
don't see how they can be bad because I
haven't dislike any JJ Abrams moving
well we'll revisit this video in 2015
let's see if you were right yeah nothing
what we think what do you think it means
everybody certainly not Chris Nolan
doing Batman it's not it's not a they're
not aiming for the bleachers there this
is a very safe thing but that's okay and
really you could be cynical but it's
true okay anyway what do you think out
there internet are you excited I think
you are i'm very excite a cast ab are
you excited you still upset about how
the dark knight rises didn't get any
Oscar nominations as if you want that
too but this helps I bet this helped so
comment below let us know what you think
we will be commenting back until next
time I'm Jimmy I'm Ryan and Andrew